hello today we are going to leave you a recipe that
for many it's going to be too much
simple it's about spaghetti with
tomato although it is very simple and it is a
recipe for people who can not cook
absolutely nothing is a recipe very
practice to have it as a post base
if we add a little bacon you
we add some meat we would have
another completely different recipe and a
very balanced pasta dish so
take note of the ingredients
The ingredients are 300 grams of
crushed tomato in no case fried
simply crushed we can also
take natural tomatoes and grate both
bay leaves olive oil and the
same proportion of brown sugar as of
salt in this case would be two teaspoons
of brown sugar and two teaspoons of
salt and spaghetti
step number 1 the water cooking strong
the two laurel leaves a little bit
salt and add the established
from here about 15 minutes of
all ways in the pasta container
cooking times always appear
indicated by the manufacturer
while the spaghetti is cooked
let's fry the tomato for it let's go
to need the casserole a jet
abundant virgin olive oil
extra about three tablespoons worth the
crushed tomato that never fried super
important so that it is much more good
we move it
and we are going to add salt and sugar
we are going to move it again and now in
Tomato is something that jumps so far
On the one hand we can dirty the kitchen or
even burn us for it always the
mid fire
and the lid on let's let 10 go through
minutes and we will have ready our
plate
the pasta has already finished and it is done
only for tomato to be done well and
is much more good we have left it to
slow fire and from there we have
left covered so that the itch is not
of medium here you can see how it goes
doing
Well, we're not going to wait 5 more minutes
and we'll have a little bit of
garlic and we will have ready the tomato
we already have our spaghetti ready
with tomato remember that you can see more
recipes like this in our channel
videos